# Amazon_Sentiment_analysis<br>## WHAT<br> Amazon Comprehend is a natural language processing (NLP) solutionthat helps businesses extract and identify meaningful insights fromtext documents. It uses machine learning (ML) technologies to performsentiment analysis with automated text extraction.  It is a Natural Language Processing Application Which can analyzethe sentiment on the text given by the user either throughFeedback,Survey,Form etc. This application will predict the sentiment into 3 categories whichare Positive,Negative, and Natural.This application will access the data from a GoogleForm through Google Sheets.This will be a Web Application Which can be utilize into a Local AreaNetwork.<br>##  WHY. <br> Sentiment analysis, also known as opinion mining, is an importantbusiness intelligence tool that helps companies improve their productsand services. We give some benefits of sentiment analysis below. #Provide objective insights. #Build better products and services. #Analyze at scale. This Project has wide range of application such as product/ServiceMonitoring, Survey regarding a topic , event, personality andcomments. This project increases the opportunities for those who wants toimprove their career as data professional.<br>## HOW. <br>Backend : Google API<br>Google Sheets - Data collection/Organization<br>Vadersentiment - Data Analysis<br>Plotly - Data Visualization<br>Frontend : Google Form<br>Streamlit.<br><br>## Google Sheets with python<br>1. Google Account-Google Project-google Sheets API<br>2. Visit https://console.cloud.google.com<br>3. Create a new Google project and select it.<br> 4. Enable the Google Sheets API<br>5. Configure Consent Screen<br>6. Create a key and<br> <br>## Final program<br>Backend.<br>Frontend.<br>## The Program related result as show in :<br>### 1.Home Page:<br>l	Amazon Sentiment Analysis System.<br>l	Sidebar.<br> <br> ### 2 .Sidebar:<br>l	Home.<br>l	CSV File.<br>l	Visualize the Result.<br><br>  <br>### 3 .Analyze Sentiment.<br>Analyzing the the Data ,Collect by Google sheets.<br> <br>### Analyzing the the Data of CSV File.<br> <br>### 4.Visualize the Result.<br>l	Pie Chart.<br>Data visualization via Pie Chart.<br> <br>### Histogram.<br>Data visualization via Pie Chart comparability with any columns as given in data file.<br> 